MITx problem set details:

Introduction section

Scenario intro:
A colony of Aucks (super-intelligent alien bioengineers) has landed on Earth and has created new species of farm animals! The Aucks are performing their experiments on Earth, and plan on transporting the mutant animals back to their home planet of Aurock. In this problem set, you will implement algorithms to figure out how the aliens should shuttle their experimental animals back across space.

Getting started - pset1.zip Download

disclaimer not to rename/modify the helper functions, methods and docstrings + keep all files in same folder

Setting up

Context of the scenario with problem definition:
The aliens have succeeded in breeding cows that jump over the moon! Now they want to take home their mutant cows. The aliens want to take all chosen cows back, but their spaceship has a weight limit and they want to minimize the number of trips they have to take across the universe. Somehow, the aliens have developed breeding technology to make cows with only integer weights.

Where does code go?
How to load data?
Any frequent issue solutions
What format is the dataset?

You can expect the data to be formatted in pairs of x,y on each line, where x is the name of the cow and y is a number indicating how much the cow weighs in tons, and that all of the cows have unique names. Here are the first few lines of ps1_cow_data.txt:

Maggie,3
Herman,7
Betsy,9

Problem Set Part x:

Description of the problem
One way of transporting cows is to always pick the heaviest cow that will fit onto the spaceship first. This is an example of a greedy algorithm. So if there are only 2 tons of free space on your spaceship, with one cow that's 3 tons and another that's 1 ton, the 1 ton cow will get put onto the spaceship.

Ask for implementation
Implement what?
In the function "function_name"
What does the function Return

Any extra notes to remember
ex. Note: Make sure not to mutate the dictionary of cows that is passed in!

Valid assumptions on dataset and ouput format
ex. 
The order of the list of trips does not matter. That is, [[1,2],[3,4]] and [[3,4],[1,2]] are considered equivalent lists of trips.
All the cows are between 0 and 100 tons in weight.
All the cows have unique names.
If multiple cows weigh the same amount, break ties arbitrarily.
The spaceship has a cargo weight limit (in tons), which is passed into the function as a parameter.

Code output example:
Suppose (example data) - what does the algorithm do?
Then what does it do?
What is the final result?


